1.  45W 31S
2. 46W 26S
3. 44w 24s
4. 43W 23S(1 climb)
5. 42W 25S(2 climb)

Jungle Location
Credits for steam user @oi__io for his thread, finding most of the coordinates from early access, and detailing its contents

    52W;17S Bamboo Camp with (no medium bamboo hut), small animal trap (by the banana garden) campfire, and bamboo smoker.
 (Medium Bamboo hut is now relocated inside a cave on the same island, just keep hugging the walls on the north and you will find)
    51W;19S Fishing dock with water filter, four pronged spear, and fish trap. A crocodile usually spawn in the river split near this place
    51W;24S Small freshwater pond, close to the large river further south of it
    50W;27S Drug Den with camp grill, moisture collector, killer trap (by the plantation) bone knife, metal pot, and a rusted machette
    47W;18S Hostile Tribal Camp 1 with tribal firestarter and weapon rack
    46W;26S Uninhabited Tribal Camp with campfire, hammock, tribal firestarter, dryer, and bone knife
    45W;30S Safe Valley From the Trailer, also referred to as the safe haven. 
       This place also features a small cave to build bedding and campfire at.
    44W;17S Broken off Jeep with metal bidon and some snacks
    43W;16S Bunch of scraps, tarps, and nothing else of value
    40W;24S Small Cave behind a crashed plane containing the elevated log bed and some snacks
    40W;19S Cave leading to broken elevator and 4 molinera plants that respawns, there is a snare trap somewhere along the road leading to it
    39W;22S Rubble with entrace leading to a large and unfinished area which are now completely blocked because 
        there are "people" who keeps reposting bugs in a place where they are not supposed to be at in the first place
    37W;19S Hostile Tribal Camp 2 with tribal firestarter and smoker



Cave Locations

    48W;16S Medium Cave with a small pond in front of it, has major voice
             pollution coming from macaws
    47W;30S Small Cave behind a wasp tree, close to the safe vallet
    47W;14S Cave with a small pond inside of it
    45W;22S Cave behind a waterfall
    43W;23S Cave that leads to other side of the map
    42W;22S The other side of that cave
    42W;24S Cave besides a small waterfall, behind a creek



    You appear at a small waterfall (45 W, 32 S) Run along the trail and fallen trees to find an abandoned settlement (46 W, 26 S)
    Go to the fire and examine the charred backpack. Pick up a map and build small shelter.
    In the clearing in front of the settlement (bakers still graze here) find a large tree and collect creeper banisteriopsis. 
Find the clearing here Psychotria plant with red-black fruits.

    Make a fire under the ritual bowl and drink the potion.
    The point marked on the map is “Lambda 2“But you don’t need to go there yet. Run straight along the path (as in a vision),
 go through the stone gate, at the fork, turn right and cross a stream along a log (48 W, 22 S) Go a little further to find the way.
    Follow the rut until you reach the destroyed bridge (44 W, 17 S) Pick up a canister of fuel here and continue on the road.
    Follow the only east path to get to the elevator (40 W, 18 S) Interact with the generator and take the elevator.
    Inspect the illegal gold mine to find cat hook. Return to your makeshift camp and save your progress.
    From the camp run east on the river. You must pass two waterfalls, and then climb a log and use a cat (42 W, 25 S) Previously, 
we recommend stocking up ingredients for the next potion.
    At the Stonehenge, prepare and drink the potion. When the passage opens, run along the only path into the depths of the jungle.
    In the center of the reservoir there is a small island. Run there and inspect the camp (35 W, 26 S) Since you do not yet have the second part of the map,
 you will have to follow the compass to the airfield(29W 22S). You need to find the trail east of the island and climb the hill.
    Reaching the makeshift airfield (28 W, 23 S), go into the main building and look at the radio. Get out of the hut and follow yellow wire.
 Repair the antenna and turn on the radio again.

    Take key next to the radio station and open the neighboring building. Pick up climbing equipment
 and the second part of the card right on the shelf.
    Exit the building where you picked up the map and run forward, then at the cliff turn right to the south.
 Run down the path and interact with the winch to go down into the gorge (27 W, 24 S)
    Pick up diving equipment and dive under water. In the underwater cave blue wire rope.
    Climb to the makeshift pier on the left and follow the path. There is yet another descent with the help of special equipment.
    Get out of the cave and swim through the swamps from island to island, until you get to the already familiar stone structure (23 W, 33 S)

It’s worth a reservation here. If you want to get a good ending to the game, then before you make the potion, 
you need to visit the camp of the medical corporation, which west of the found “Stonehenge”.

    Follow the coordinates 26 W, 34 S (Point “Omega” on the map). Here you will find the abandoned camp of the pharmaceutical corporation.
 One of the tents is closed to the snake – you there.
    Open the top compartment of the refrigerator and take infected blood sample, then place it in the unit at the entrance.
    Find live poison frog frog and put it in the machine. Take the resulting substance. In the next tent on the table,
 take the third part of the card.

    Return to the island in the middle of the reservoir and light a ritual bonfire. Use familiar ingredients to brew the potion.
    Pick up the hook cat thrower and get out of the cave. Run southwest to the red dot on the map,
 then use the new climbing equipment to climb (27 W, 31 S)
    You can visit the point “H“To take a look at what has become of your tent.
    Run along the only path through the place where the game began. Once on the top of the hill, you will see an empty village. 
Find a way to go down and prepare the next batch of potion.
    During the cut scene, tell Mie that do you have a cure.
    After the cutscene, follow the coordinates 34 W, 34 S. End of the game